Added 2 repositories to java main MD (#3962)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/languages/java/_index.md

  Provides helpful libraries and standalone OpenTelemetry-based utilities that
  don't fit the express scope of the OpenTelemetry Java or Java Instrumentation
  projects. For example, JMX metric gathering.
- [semantic-conventions-java](https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions-java):

>   Auto-generated code for the [OpenTelemetry Semantic Conventions](https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Auto-generated code for the [OpenTelemetry Semantic Conventions](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/semconv/).
```

Author: I would like the audience to be aware of the existence of this code. This will save them from writing those constants again and again. Referring them to the documentation won't notify them that those standard "Constants" are also available in code.

  For example, `ResourceAttributes.SERVICE_NAME`.

> - [opentelemetry-proto-java](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-proto-java):

Reviewer 2: This one is questionable [given our weak support](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-proto-java?tab=readme-ov-file#support):

> We have no intention of eventually publishing stable artifacts. If you need guarantees, please generate your own bindings, consulting [grpc codegen](https://grpc.io/docs/languages/java/generated-code/#codegen) and possibly [build.gradle.kts](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-proto-java/blob/main/build.gradle.kts)

I'm still fine including it for completeness, but think we'll see a small uptick in requests for support which we don't intend on providing.
